 Chapter 5. Weather Conditions When the sky clouds up, I like to stay inside to do homework or read. Cloud up. Cloud up. For the sky to become clouding, to become gray and overcast. My dad came into the house dripping wet and said that it was raining cats and dogs outside. Rain cats and dogs. Rain cats and dogs. To rain hard. To pour with rain. Candice decided to pull over on the road while driving because it was raining buckets. Rain buckets. Rain buckets. To rain very heavily all at once. To downpour. James was happy to see the weather clear up because he had only one day off to go on a picnic. Clear up. Clear up. For the sky to become clearer. For bad weather to go away, changing into a better condition. In this part of the country, temperatures usually heat up around June. Heat up. Heat up. For the temperature to rise. To become warmer. During the heat wave, my parents opened all the windows and the doors because we don't have air conditioning. Heat wave. Heat wave. A period of time during which the weather is much hotter than usual. Frank decided that his umbrella was useless since the rain was coming down in sheets and he was sucking wet. Come down in sheets. Come down in sheets. To rain very heavily. After this weather dies down, I am going to go check and see if my car is okay. Die down. Die down. To lose strength. To lessen in power. To weaken. When the river dries up in the summer, many children play on the riverbed and look for lost toys. Dry up. Dry up. For moisture to evaporate. To run dry. To make a river, pull or puddle lose all its water. When the sun goes down, the house usually cools off of few degrees. Cool off. For the temperature to lower. To become comfortably cool. The water pipes in my house froze during the cold spell last year. Cold spell. Cold spell. A period of extreme cold. A sudden change from warm weather to cold. Because of the killer weather, I decided to stay indoors. Killer weather. Killer weather. Ruthless or extreme weather. During the crazy weather we had last week, many people lost their homes due to floods, fires and hurricanes. Crazy weather. Crazy weather. Extremely abnormal weather. Jenny said that she is going to wear her lightest dress to school because of the sticky weather today. Sticky weather. Sticky weather. Uncomfortable humid or muggy weather. Since it was only spitting outside, Jim left his umbrella at home. Spitting. Spitting. To rain very slightly. To rain scattered droplets of water, usually just before a rain shower begins. The weatherman forecasted P-Soup fog for tomorrow. P-Soup fog. P-Soup fog. Very thick dense fog. Rain rain go away. When he woke up, rain looked out the window at the rain coming down in sheets and knew that it would not clear up by the end of the day. Yet listened to the weather report the day before and heard the reporters say that it would start to cloud up overnight and the storm would hit around 7 a.m. This would be the third weekend in a row that it rained buckets when he wanted to be out playing basketball with his friends. Last month he would have given anything for the weather to cool off. It endured two weeks of heatwave temperatures and it had hardly even cooled down at night for sleeping. Lying in bed on those hot nights, Ray knew what his mom meant when she talked about sticky weather. That heat was killer weather, but the rain was not much better. The reports had said that they were in for a bit of a cold spell, but they did not mention anything about it raining cats and dogs for three weekends in a row. Now, all Ray could do was wait and hope for the crazy weather to stop. The reports did say that the wind would die down by the next morning and it would only be spitting. Even so, it would take a day or two before all the puddles dried up at his favorite outdoor basketball court.