 Chapter 7. Gone Shopping Sandra was forced to window shop because she did not have any money. Window Shop Window Shop To view items in store window displays without buying. Benjamin was cautioned by his father to shop around before purchasing an automobile. Shop Around Shop Around To compare various qualities and functions of items at several stores before buying. If we are going to eat hamburgers later, we will have to pick up some buns now. Pick up Pick up To buy without considerable thought. To purchase in a casual unplanned way. Some years store was sold out of snow shovels the day after the big snow storm blew in. Be sold out of. Be sold out of. To have none of a certain item left. Before each season ends, this clothing shop gets rid of old stock by putting everything on sale. On sale. On sale. Available to purchase at a discounted price. While the salmon was on sale, sunny snapped up as much as she could. Snap up To buy or get something quickly and enthusiastically because it is cheap or exactly what you want. There was little money left at the end of each month so Barbara always had to hunt for bargains in the grocery store. Hunt for bargains Hunt for bargains To actively look for cheaper lower price items. Since grace had worked for her boss the longest, the rest of the workers asked her to pick out a birthday gift for him. Pick out Pick out To choose or select an item among a number of items. Mom stocked up on canned chicken broth before the upcoming cold season. Stock up on Stock up on To buy items in bulk for later use. Barbara would always buy up the overwrite bananas at the corner grocery store when they went on sale. Buy up. Buy up. To buy as many items as possible. Dan took back the sweater because he did not like the color. Take back. Take back. To return an item to the place of purchase. Judy asked for a rain check after she discovered that the frozen chickens advertised on sale were all gone. Rain check. Rain check. A promissory check provided by a place of business to the shopper that agrees to provide a currently sold out sale item for the same sale price at a later date. Good buys. The holiday season was barely over and already Mia and Cindy were ready to get out again and hunt for bargains. Mia knew what she wanted and where to get it so she didn't want to waste time shopping around for the best price. Neither Mia nor Cindy liked to window shop because they hated the idea of watching someone else snap up a great deal. Both women had sweaters they had received from their husbands that they planned to take back and exchange for something else. Mia and Cindy were hoping to pick up a few extra things on sale while they were at the mall. The sweater that Mia had seen and an advertisement on the weekend was sold out so she asked the clerk for a rain check. Many stores had stocked up on the years hottest new fad leg warmers. Now that they were overstocked merchants were hoping the teenagers would buy up at least one of each color they had available before they all disappeared. Mia and Cindy decided to pick out a few pairs of leg warmers for their daughters since they were selling for such a good price.