 Chapter 9. Dining. Instead of lunch, Bill grabbed a bite on his way to school. Grab a bite. Grab a bite. To eat something quickly while on the go. John decided to eat out at a cafe downtown. Eat out. Eat out. To eat at a restaurant. At midnight, Craig was hungry again and ate the leftovers from the family celebration. Leftovers. Leftovers. The food remaining after a meal. Gordon will pick up takeout pizza for supper at home. Takeout. Takeout. Hot cooked food that you buy at a store or restaurant to eat somewhere else. Stuff. Potato chips and cola are enjoyable junk food snacks. Junk food. Junk food. Unhealthy food that is quick and easy to eat. Benjamin took vegetables and Mary took a dessert to the potlock dinner. Potlock. Potlock. An informal meal where each guest brings a prepared dish of food. When Betty was pregnant with her first child, she had a craving for ice cream and cookies. Have a craving for. Have a craving for. To have a strong or uncontrollable desire for something. The food was so good that Jim picked out and ate more than his fair share. Pick out. Pick out. To eat too much food. To eat like an animal. After football practice, Tony was so hungry that he wolfed down his food, hardly taking a breath between bites. Wolf down. Wolf down. To eat food quickly, often without chewing. Peek could not finish his meal and ask the waiter for a doggy bag, so he could take the unfinished portion home. Doggy bag. Doggy bag. A small bag or container that a restaurant supplies customers with to take unfinished food home. Visits to a dentist are always more costly if one has a sweet tooth. Have a sweet tooth. Have a sweet tooth. To enjoy eating sweet food and candies. Johnny was so hungry that he ate up everything inside. Eat up. Eat up. To entirely consume all of the food available. The take out twins. Burton and Joule hated to cook. Their refrigerator contained only the bare necessities and take out food containers with leftovers. Usually they would eat up all their leftovers for lunch the next day. They spent half of the week eating out and taking home doggy bags, and the other half ordering take out for supper in front of the TV. Even when Burton and Joule were involved in potlock lunches at work, they would order a tray of food instead of taking the time to cook something in their own kitchen. On the weekends, Burton loved to pick out on junk food while watching football on television. He could usually wolf down an entire bag of chips before half time. Joule, on the other hand, had his sweet tooth, so she often had a craving for chocolate and ice cream while she watched television.