 Chapter 12. Telephone Talk Kate purchased a phone card so she would not need change each time she wanted to make a call. Make a call. Make a call. To use the telephone to contact someone. I need to call Tom up and ask him what time we are supposed to meet at the mall. Call someone up. Call someone up. To call someone. To use the telephone to contact another person. Dwayne asked his older sister how long she would be on the phone. On the phone. On the phone. To be using the telephone. To be in the middle of a phone call. Hey honey, let me know when you are off the phone. I need to make a call. Off the phone. Off the phone. And not to be using the telephone. Celia asked the hotel clerk to hold on while she grabbed a pen and paper to write down the reservation information. Hold on. Hold on. To tell someone to wait. Since her call would not go through, Tina decided to hang up and try again later. Hang up. Hang up. To end a phone call, we are placing the handset correctly on the base unit. Every time Mark calls his parents from overseas, he ends up getting cut off because of a bad connection. Get cut off. Get cut off. For a phone call to end abruptly, due to technical problems. When Tom's mother told him he could not stay out later, Tom abruptly hung up on her. Hang up on someone. To end a call abruptly without saying goodbye, usually done in anger. The phone was accidentally laughed off the hook, so Cindy could not get through to her parents. Off the hook. Off the hook. For the telephone to be incorrectly placed on its base, disabling the telephone. Dalton made sure to put the phone back on the hook when he was done making his call. On the hook. On the hook. For the telephone to be correctly on its base, making it able to receive calls. I need to call Dan back. He called me earlier this morning when I was out of the office. Call someone back. Call someone back. To return someone's call. To phone someone that called and was unable to reach you. The students found out their teacher's phone number and decided to make a prank call during the middle of the night. Make a prank call. Make a prank call. To make an annoying or mischievous joke call to someone. Ali did not want to give his financial information to the salesperson over the phone for security reasons. Over the phone. Over the phone. By way of the telephone. Harp strings and phone things. Cleal was hired to work as a promotional salesman for a small company that specialized in selling premium harp strings. Working for a young company was quite challenging, so he knew he would be on the phone for hours at a time. After training on the telephone system, he had to make calls to every music store in the country. Cleal had to manage five telephones and make sure not to get cut off or accidentally hang up on any potential customers. The most important calls were those when a customer would call back to order more harp strings. He would get their information over the phone, quickly take their order and try to get off the phone as soon as possible to save time. Sometimes he would be so busy that he would have to ask customers to hold on while he answered another line. With all of the calls coming in and going out, it was not hard to mistakenly leave one phone off the hook. Selling harp strings over the phone was not as easy as Cleal thought it would be. Some stores actually thought he was making prank calls when he began his sales pitch and hung up on him. The last thing he thought he would be doing for a living was calling up people and asking them to buy harp strings.