 Chapter 14. He said, she said. I can tell when you're stressed. A penny for your thoughts. A penny for your thoughts. A way to ask someone to speak their mind. Hey guys, I'm trying to study, so could you hold it down please? Hold it down. Hold it down. To politely request that someone lower the volume of their conversation. The president opened the floor to question saying, fire away. Fire away. Fire away. To begin asking questions. To question or speak freely. If you lover, you'd better speak your mind before she finds someone else. Speak one's mind. Speak one's mind. To say exactly what one thinks or wants to say. My wife just clams up whenever I mention having more children. Clam up. Clam up. To suddenly stop talking and refuse to say anymore. To choose not to talk or respond. Off the top of my head, I'd say that he was speeding, but I'm not certain. Off the top of one's head. Off the top of one's head. One's first thought. Spontaneously, without time for thought, research or verification. Please do not blurt out the answers as this is a written test. Blurt out. Blurt out. To speak suddenly without thinking or holding back. To speak impulsively. As a poet and statesman, he had a way with words that made people listen. Have a way with words. Have a way with words. To express oneself well. Stop beating around the bush and just get to the point. Beat around the bush. Beat around the bush. To evade the issue, hint or stall without coming to the point. To fail to address a subject or topic directly. Even though the kids didn't speak English, I think I got my message across to them. Get one's message across. Get one's message across. To get someone to understand. To convey one's thoughts clearly. What's the matter? Cat got your tongue? Why are you so late? Cat got your tongue. Cat got your tongue. A question when someone is unable to speak. Meaning, why don't you say something? China talk. As the tour bus pulled into the parking lot near the Great Wall of China, the guide, who had a way with words, described the sites they were going to see. It sounded as if he was speaking off the top of his head, yet his language had been well rehearsed. He got his message across and then opened up the floor for questions. Fire away, he said. A couple of people asked common questions and then a tall, quiet man named Dan started to speak. He beat around the bush for a while and then, just as he seemed to be getting to the point, he clammed up. Everyone listened intently, but he said nothing. Then the guide said jokingly, penny for your thoughts? As one of the women hushed him, saying, and still Dan said nothing, struggling for the words to come out. Finally, a less patient man shouted, what? Cat got your tongue? Just worded out, man, after a long pause the tall, quiet man spoke. Is it okay, I mean, for us to speak our minds? With this being a communist country and all, will they arrest us for talking about our ideals? Everyone on the bus roared in laughter. Okay, hold it down, everyone. The guide said to calm them down as he spoke softly to reassure Dan. Don't worry, Dan, you'll be fine.