 Chapter 10 Housework I would like to take out this wall and place a giant sliding glass door here instead. Take out. Take out. To remove from the house. To get rid of. I have to clean up the mess that my little brother made on the floor. Clean up. Clean up. To clean by organizing or removing dust or dirt from objects. To make neat. I have to hurry home and pick up the house before my parents see the mess that my friends and I made. Pick up. Pick up. To clean by picking up objects that were left carelessly and organizing them. My wife and I need to quickly straighten up the house before our guests arrive. Straighten up. To arrange neatly. To place in proper order. Who will make food if your parents go away for a week? Make food. Make food. To prepare or cook a meal. Jason, Tyler and Matthew worked quickly to do the dishes before their favorite television program started. Do the dishes. Do the dishes. To wash dirty dishes after a meal. Chris bought a new car and planned to fix it up. He said that he would tint the windows and chain some of the interior. Fix up. Fix up. To repair cosmetically. To fix to working order. Sarah stayed home on her day off so that she could clean house. Clean house. Clean house. To do the needed chores around the house. To maintain the house. To do housework. This weekend I have to stay home and complete a few odds and ends that my wife has been asking me to do for the past two weeks. Odds and ends. Odds and ends. Several unfinished or little jumps that need to be done. Mr. Paveen has a garage sale every year in order to get rid of some of his old junk. Garage sale. Garage sale. A special sale held in front of one's house or garage. Selling used items no longer wanted or needed. My wife told me that I have to clean out the storage closet because it was filled with junk. Clean out. Clean out. To clean something by removing unnecessary items. My family wants me to stay home this weekend and help them do some spring cleaning. Spring cleaning. Spring cleaning. A thorough or extensive cleaning of a house. Don't forget to put my book back after you're finished with it. Put something back. Put something back. To return an object to its proper place. It was impressed with how his new wife Linda could keep house. Keep house. Keep house. To maintain consistent care of a house. To do the cooking and cleaning. Even though the large old farmhouse would require a lot of upkeep, Troy and Kelly decided to buy it. Upkeep. Upkeep. The process of keeping something in good condition. Cleaning relatives. Sunday was the day our family usually went to visit grandma and grandpa. Grandma sure could keep house as it always looked immaculate. We would usually go to their house after we ate breakfast. Dad helped mom make the food and we all sat down at the table to enjoy it. After breakfast, we helped mom clean up the kitchen while dad packed the car for our trip. Once it was my turn to do the dishes, I started on them right away. Mom asked Stephen to take out the garbage and help dad clean out the trunk so there would be room for our things. Once all of the dishes had been put back to where they belonged and the car was packed, we were on our way. We had almost arrived at grandma and grandpa's house when we drove past the garage sale. Mom and dad loved to look for deals so we stopped to take a look. Dad found a radio for one dollar that was not working but he knew it would not be hard to fix it up. When we arrived at grandma and grandpa's house, grandpa was outside working on the upkeep of the front yard.