 Chapter 3. In the evening. On weekdays, I usually stay up until 11 o'clock, and then I go to bed. Stay up. Stay up. To not go to bed at the normal time. To pass the night without sleep. Hannah had permission from her parents to stay out past midnight. Stay out. Stay out. To be away from home in the evening or at night. Rick had to stay in and study because he had to test the next day at school. Stay in. Stay in. To be at home during the evening. I think the duty worries too much because she waits up every night her sun goes out. Wait up. Wait up. To remain awake while waiting for a person to return home. To remain awake while waiting for an event to happen. Before I got married, I used to go out about three times a week. Go out. Go out. To socialize away from home or experience a recreational activity out of the house. Tom went to sleep early because he felt too tired out to stay up. Tired out. Tired out. Exhausted or having no energy remaining. Thorily tired. John goes to bed at 11 o'clock but doesn't fall asleep until 12. Fall asleep. Fall asleep. To go to sleep. To begin sleeping. Tancy needs to work early on weekdays so she goes to sleep at 10.30 every night. Go to sleep. Go to sleep. To begin sleeping. To lie down to sleep. The nightclub owner cannot serve alcohol after hours. After hours. After hours. After normal business or school hours or after a permitted time. Late at night. Katie could not keep her eyes open so she hit the sack after her friends had laughed. Hit the sack. Hit the sack. To go to bed to sleep. To retire for the night. As soon as Mark gets home from work, he crashes for an hour before dinner. Crash. To fall asleep from exhaustion. Late night lesson. Johann was planning to go out to see the new Jackie Chan movie on Friday evening. He asked permission to stay out with his friends past midnight. Johann's mother told him that he could go out but that he should not stay up too late the night before. If he did not go to bed early on Thursday evening, he would be too tired out on Friday. Johann agreed with his mother and decided to turn in. Hit the sack early thinking he'd be sound asleep before 10 o'clock. Johann was excited to go out to the after hours club on Friday following the movie. He tried to fall asleep but the thought of next evening's events kept him awake. On Friday night, Johann stayed out until dawn and when he came home, his mother was waiting up for him. His mother tried to discipline him but Johann was too tired to listen and just went to his bedroom to crash.