 Chapter 2. In the morning. Jason didn't hear his alarm go off in the morning and he ended up late for his job interview. Go off. Go off. To make a noise, for an alarm to ring or sound. We are going to get up at the crack of dawn to go skiing tomorrow. Crack of dawn. Crack of dawn. Daybreak. The moment when sunlight is first seen in the morning sky. When I was young, I woke up early in the morning, but now I wake up much later. Wake up. Wake up. To rouse from sleep. To stir and open one's eyes in the morning. Erica is going to sleep in on her day off tomorrow because she worked hard all week long. Sleep in. Then. To sleep later than normal. Dawn has terrible morning breath. I can't stand talking to him in the morning. Morning breath. Morning breath. That breath in the morning. It takes me about 45 minutes to get ready in the morning. Get ready. Get ready. To prepare oneself. Some cleans his desk up at work in the morning to start the day off right. Start the day off right. Start the day off right. To begin the day with something good or something that feels right. I'm really tired. I will probably sleep like a log tonight. Sleep like a log. Sleep like a log. To sleep deeply. To sleep soundly. Little Emma was so excited the night before Christmas that she didn't sleep a wink. Not sleep a wink. Not sleep a wink. To get very little or no sleep at all. I feel like such a sleepy head this morning. I have had two cups of coffee but I still can't seem to wake up. Sleepy head. Sleepy head. Someone who continues to feel sleepy or drowsy after waking up. I think that I got up on the wrong side of the bed today. I have been in a bad mood all morning. Get up on the wrong side of the bed. Get up on the wrong side of the bed. To be upset or in a bad mood from the moment one wakes up. A cup of coffee and a little exercise really get me going in the morning. Get one self someone going. Get one self or someone going. To stimulate someone in the morning causing them to have a feeling of being awake. Strange sleepy head. Let me tell you about my friend Mark. He is quite a funny fellow. Mark is a big sleepy head. He usually doesn't hear his alarm go off in the morning. So as a result he sleeps in and ends up late for work. Because he sleeps like a log during the night it is often difficult for him to get himself going in the morning. He never has enough time to get ready and usually forgets to brush his teeth. He has terrible morning breath. I told him yesterday that I think he should try to get up earlier and start the day off right with some exercise at the crack of dawn. But I think he woke up on the wrong side of the bed because he seemed angry at my suggestion. Anyway, I can't understand him. Yesterday I couldn't sleep a wink because of all the stress that my boss has been giving me at work. In some ways I envy Mark and in some ways I just think that he is strange.