 Chapter 15. Fact or opinion. She what? She's been accused of murder. Do you know this for a fact? For a fact. For a fact. For certain. Without a doubt. I'm sure you've heard of Van Gogh's irises, but have you ever seen it up close? Hereof. Hereof. To learn of or know about from some report. We are ready to provide you with the know how to get the job done. Know how. Know how. The practical ability, skill and knowledge needed to do something. I didn't come to college to get job training. I came to broaden my horizons. Hmm, ones horizons. Broaden ones horizons. To branch out and expand one's interests, knowledge, activities and more. Ted was able to pick up the basics of chess easily as a boy. Pick up. Pick up. To learn something gradually, quickly or easily. Everyone is talking about the merger as if I should know, but it's news to me. Be news to someone. Be news to someone. To learn of something surprising for the first time. News often spreads through the grapevine faster than through traditional news sources. Through the grapevine. Through the grapevine. By word of mouth. Indirectly. Through other people. What do you make of these markings on this artifact? Make-up. Make-up. To come to a logical understanding. To interpret, discern or perceive. The local police just got wind of some plans to take over the mayor's office. Get wind of. Get wind of. To hear tell of. To hear rumor of. The manager made it a point to always be in the know about his worker's lives. In the know. In the know. Well informed. Aware of things that most people don't know. Even when I'm on vacation, I want to be kept in the loop on all decisions made. In the loop. In the loop. Involved in and informed about. Able to make decisions about. Dreams, destinations and destiny. When Val decided to go backpacking through Europe, it was with the idea of broadening his horizons. He'd heard of people who went and had many interesting experiences. He had hoped to pick up some German, but actually picked up a bit of French instead. After taking trains to a few cities, he developed the know-how to find accommodation and explore the city. By talking to other backpackers, he'd get wind of upcoming festivals and the best places to go. At first, he didn't know what to make of the different cultures, but after a couple of months, he knew for a fact that this was the experience he was looking for. He resolved to come back again in the future. Even though he sent postcards home, they took so long to get there that his mother felt like she was out of the loop. So when he finally came home and called her from the airport, it was news to her. And though she was happy to see him, she chastised him for not keeping her in the know. I don't want to hear about you through the grapevine she exclaimed. Just pick up the phone and call me.