 Chapter 11. Special dates and events. Dan's company planned to hold an event to commemorate the company merger. Hold an event. Hold an event. To have an event. To organize and be responsible for an event. Do you know what time the meeting is supposed to take place? Take place. Take place. To happen. To occur. Well, I think that all things considered, the marketing promotion for our new product went off well. Go off. Go off. To happen in a particular way, usually is planned. The charity event in the city park that planned to raise money for flood victims was rained out yesterday. Be rained out. Be rained out. For an event to be canceled due to rain. The young couple was excited to learn that as long as the financing didn't fall through, they would own a new house within days. Fall through. Fall through. For a plan to fail to happen or occur. For an idea to fail to come about. Event planners were pleased to see that over 100 more people turned out for the event than expected. Turn out for. Turn out for. To attend or take part in an event. Door man had to turn away hordes of people at the popular nightclub last Friday night. Turn away. Turn away. To refuse to let someone enter an event. Aaron tried in vain to get tickets to the popular U2 rock concert, but it was a sell-out. Sell-out. Sell-out. An event for which all the tickets are sold. Alex's birthday is coming up. Did you get him a gift? Come up. Come up. To happen soon. Romantic getaway. One of the biggest decisions that Carrie and Russell had to make this year was to decide where to go to celebrate their tenth anniversary. Since they had been married ten years ago on New Year's Eve, each year they had traveled someplace different to celebrate their anniversary and the New Year. There were always special events being held wherever they went. Last year's plans fell through because they had not booked the room early enough. January would always come up very quickly. Together they chose to spend the holidays in Vancouver and celebrate the New Year in a chalet in Whistler, British Columbia. They knew that the tickets for the party sold out early. The party was going to be one to remember. Carrie had heard from friends that some celebrities would probably turn out for a party or two on New Year's Eve. They both knew that if word got around that a few celebrities would be attending the parties, every chalet and Whistler would be packed. Resort staff would have to turn away people without reservations for the parties. Both Carrie and Russell liked the activities that would take place at the ski resort. They hoped that this year's events would go off without a hitch and that they would have the time of their lives. But being close to Vancouver, the only thing that would dampen their celebration would be if temperatures were not cold enough. And there was a rain out instead of a snowfall.