 4. Moments in Time So far as I know, he has a promising career with Samsung. So far. So far. As of yet, up to this point or to a limited extent. Ok boss, I'll get the job done in no time. In no time. In no time. In a relatively short time. Within a very short period of time. Almost instantly. Since he could do several things at once. He managed to finish university while keeping two jobs. At once. At once. At the same time. Immediately. As soon as the store opened, the people came rushing in for the sale. As soon as. As soon as. Right away at the end of one thing. Immediately starting something else. Starting hard every day will make me more successful in the long run. In the long run. In the long run. Over a lengthy period of time. Eventually. At some point in time in the future. My mom said I have to clean my room right away so I can't play now. Right away. Right away. Without delay. Immediately. Without a doubt, you can count on me to be a jaw-wetting. Without a doubt. Without a doubt. Without question. Certainly. Definitely. I was just about to do my homework when the phone rang. Just about to. Just about to. Intent to do something. Intent to start despite some interruption. Make has a habit of starting things at the last minute and always being late. At the last minute. At the last minute. Just before a deadline. With little time remaining before a significant or concluding moment. The team captain is so handsome that he can go from girlfriend to girlfriend and not misbead. Not misbead. Not misbead. Without hesitation. Continuously or reliably. In Vegas, your luck can change in a heartbeat. In a heartbeat. In a heartbeat. In a short period of time. In an instant. I was walking down the street when all of a sudden Mary appeared. All of a sudden. All of a sudden. Something happening without warning or in an instant. Suddenly. The money we saved over the summer was gone in a flash when school started. In a flash. In a flash. Within a very short period of time. Instantly. Living only in the short term has made Harry into a selfish person. In the short term. In the short term. Over a short period of time. Involving or lasting a relatively brief amount of time. Calvin said that in the long term he knows which activity will make better memories. In the long term. In the long term. Over a lengthy period of time. Involving or lasting a relatively lengthy amount of time. We never know what's down the road so we must be prepared for anything. Down the road. Down the road. At some point in the future. In the distance. Someday. In the nick of time. Peter and his wife Wendy were just about to leave for Las Vegas on their honeymoon. When all of a sudden he realized that he had one last thing to do. I'll be back in a flash, he said, as he went into the house. You're always doing things at the last minute when they responded. But she knew they would be happier in the long term if she just waited. He had forgotten to send in a project for work and had to get it done at once. As soon as he got to his computer he found the file in no time. Had downloaded it to a disc. So far so good he thought. But then he still had to get it to work and without a doubt Wendy would be upset. He came out of the house saying, if we go right away we can drop it off at work and without whizzing a beat. Be on our way to the airport in a heartbeat. Sure honey she said, thinking that instead of being nervous and upset in the short term it would be better to be supportive. In the long run they had a great life ahead of them and down the road none of this would matter.