 Chapter 13. Making Conversation When the electricity went out, the people in the elevator chose to make small talk to pass the time. Make small talk. Make small talk. To discuss relatively unimportant topics or issues, to make idle conversation. During half time at the soccer game, Jim shoots the breeze with his friends. Shoot the breeze. To talk or chat informally with no real objective. Tom d used a funny joke to break the ice with his girlfriend's parents. Break the ice. Break the ice. To make a person whom you have not met before feel more relaxed by initiating discussion. The new girl at school was very attractive. So Joshua decided to strike up a conversation with her during their lunch hour. Strike up a conversation. Strike up a conversation. To start a conversation with someone for the first time. On his first date his new office, Greg made sure to shake hands with all of his new colleagues. Shake hands. Shake hands. To greet another person by grasping their hand and shaking it. The boys had been walking for many blocks, so when they saw their mom, she was a sight for sore eyes. A sight for sore eyes. A sight for sore eyes. An object or person that one is delighted to see again. A welcome sight. Sally hadn't seen her college friends for ages, so she hardly recognized them at the reunion. Have not seen someone for ages. Have not seen someone for ages. To have not met or greeted a person for a long time. I haven't seen you in a dog's age. Sandra said to Tom when they bumped into each other at the party. Have not seen someone in a dog's age. Have not seen someone in a dog's age. To say that it has been a long time since you have seen someone. Long time no see, David sent to his cousin as they met at their annual vacation spot. Long time no see. Long time no see. To express that a long period of time has passed since two people have met. As Chris entered the bar, he shouted, what's up to the bartender and his friends? What's up? What's up? A casual way to ask someone how they are. To the team meeting, Jake said, I'll catch you later. Catch you later. Catch you later. To say goodbye with an expectation that you'll meet again in the near future. James said, see you around to Mike as they parted after school. See you around. See you around. To say goodbye informally. As they were leaving, Grandmod told them to take care on the long drive home. Take care. Take care. To say goodbye and wish someone to be cautious and stay well. A hard night's networking. Barry stepped onto the train that was to take him to the annual conference for all of the top sales people in the company. He stuck up a conversation with the person next to him. It didn't take long from to realize that his new acquaintance would be attending the conference too. When they arrived at their stop, Barry said, I'll see you around the hotel over the weekend. And his new friend responded, sure, I'll catch you later. Friday, right after supper, Barry participated in a few activities to break the ice since he had not seen some of his colleagues for ages. During the icebreaker activities, Barry and a few other company people went down to the bar to shoot the breeze. As more people arrived down at the bar, he tried to get acquainted with as many new people as he could and decided to shake hands with everyone that came through the door. Long time no see, said one of Barry's old friends from college as he greeted him with a smile. Barry had not seen Drew in a dog's age. He was a sight for sore eyes. It was nice to finally chat with someone that he already knew. When it got late, Barry told Drew to take care and went out to his room to get some sleep. He had a busy day of meetings the next day. As he got on the elevator, he heard a man say, what's up? It was his friend from the train, who he now realized was the top salesman of the year. Congratulations on your reward. But watch out. I'll be winning next time.