 Chapter 6. Going to school. Jane put all other activities aside so she could hit the books without distraction. Hit the books. Hit the books. To study earnestly. Having put science studies aside for one week, had undecided to brush up on her scientific knowledge. Brush up on. Brush up on. To read familiarize oneself through review and study. Gordon's failure to do his homework each day forced him to cram the night before the test. Cram. Cram. To study a large amount of material shortly before an examination. Without any warning the science teacher gave the class a pop quiz at the beginning of the day. Pop quiz. Pop quiz. A short surprise test. Andy was excited when his mother signed him up to play soccer. Sign up. Sign up. To join up. To enroll. To agree to do something. A handout was attached to the instructions to better understand the procedures. Hand out. Hand out. A document or paper to be distributed or given out. Mary is such a bookworm that she has seldom seen without reading material. Bookworm. Bookworm. A person who reads a lot. At the end of the season, everyone on the team hands in their uniforms. Hand in. Hand in. To submit or offer something by hand. Jimmy thought he could become the teacher's pet by bringing her an apple. Teacher's pet. Teacher's pet. A student that appears to be the teacher's favorite. Having lost interest in the course, Sally simply gave up and flunked out miserably. Flunk out. Flunk out. To drop out of school or quit attending school due to failing grains. David dropped out of school in order to support the family financially. Drop out. Drop out. To quit attending school. To abandon an activity without finishing it. Since the soccer game was during class hours, the student decided to skip school and go to the game. To skip school. To skip school. To not attend school for either part of or a whole day. David Aist is exam with a perfect score. Ace. Ace. To score nearly perfectly or perfectly on a test. A person who is top in his or her field. Freshman Blues. Sarah's entire last month of school had been a nightmare. She knew if she didn't hit the book soon she would have to drop out of school. She couldn't believe that she would have to end up cramming for all her exams. Cara had high hopes for herself. In high school she had been the teacher's pet and had always handed in her assignments on time. She began the year by signing up for all the toughest courses. In the past Cara had never had any trouble brushing up on any subject just before an exam. She was used to skipping school, working a few extra hours at her job and having a friend pick up any handouts she missed. She had always thought of herself as a bookworm, not someone who would flunk out in their first year of college. In the pop quiz last week in psychology Cara thought she had done well but her mark turned out to be below the class average. Cara knew she might have to rethink her career path.