 Chapter 8. Traffic. Travel and turns. Turn around. You just passed the parking ramp. Turn around. Turn around. To reverse the direction of movement. Hang a left at the light and go straight three blocks to the church. Hang a left. Hang a left or right. To make a left or right turn. It was slow for a while, but now we finally gone up to speed. Up to speed. Up to speed. Moving at normal speeds. Going to speed limit. Harry ran a light taking his pregnant wife to the hospital. Run a light. Run a red light. To go through a red light without stopping. I'm going as far as the school. Can you give me a lift? As far as. As far as. Up until a certain place. Pull over so I can see what's wrong with the car. Pull over. Pull over. To drive to the side of the road and stop or cost a do so. Let's pull into that gas station just ahead. We're on empty. Pull into. Pull into. To leave the road to park. Every time Ben tries to find John's house, he makes a wrong turn and gets lost. Make a wrong turn. Make a wrong turn. To turn at the wrong place. Okay. Make a you turn up here and the office will be on your right. Make a you turn. Make a you turn. To turn in the shape of a you. To reverse direction. You should expect bumper to bumper traffic on the major highways over Thanksgiving. Bumper to bumper. Bumper to bumper. Traffic that is so congested, the car bumpers are only inches away from one another. It's stop and go on the freeway into LA this morning. Stop and go. Stop and go. Traffic that moves and starts and stops. Not free flowing. The accident left the intersection gridlocked for an hour. Gridlock. Gridlock. A traffic jam that allows for no progress in any direction. Jasmine was in a minor fender bender last night, but she's alright. Fender bender. Fender bender. A collision between cars with only minor damage. Running late. Nothing is worse than getting pulled over for a moving violation when you're late for something. The fact that Greg was speeding was reason enough for the police to pull him over, but Greg didn't see it that way. The whole day had been a mess. First, he left the house early to avoid the bumper to bumper congestion on the highway, only defined his alternate route gridlocked. It seems someone had run a light and caused a fender bender. He made a quick U-turn to get out of it, but it got all turned around and made a wrong turn. Then he got stuck in stop and go traffic. The first time he had gotten up to speed was when the police caught him in a speed trap. The cop took his time riding out the ticket. Finally, he got as far as the school and hung a ride. When he pulled into the school parking lot, the other students were coming out of the building. The test was over.